
The Monsters:

Goomba: <picture>

The goombas will often attack in groups and are one of the most common monsters. 
The are wolnerable by any kind of attack.


Paragoomba: <picture>

Paragoombas are simply Goombas with wings. They are more dangerous than the others, 
because they can attack you from above. 
When you stomp on them they will loose their wings and be transformed to a regular goomba.


Koopa Troopa: <picture>

The Koopa Troopas are evil turtles. If you stomp them they will flee into their shell for some seconds. 
Now you can stomp or kick the shell, and it will start spinning! A spinning shell can be used as a weapon against 
any monster, but be careful: It might bounche back on you before you know it!



Koopa Paratroopa:

Koopa Paratroopas are relatives of the Koopa Troopas with one big advantage: They have wings.
They will follow different flying patterns, depending on their mood. When you stomp a Koopa Paratroopa 
it will loose its wings and become a regular Koopa Troopa.



Dry Bones:
Dry Bones are the reanimated remains of dead Koopas. 
These skeletal monsters can often be found lurking in castles.
Since they are already dead, it is very difficult to destroy Dry Bones. They can however be crushed by 
stomping on them, but they will rebuild them selves within a few seconds.

 


Spikey:

Spikeys has has a thich shell that protect them from most attacks. 
You cannot stomp them because of their spikes, and the shell will protect them from fireballs.
Their weakness is spinning shells.


Buzzy Beetle: <picture>

Buzzy Beetles can often be found in caves. They have a protective shell and is hard to destroy. 
When you stomp a Buzzy Beetle they will hide inside their shell and you can stomp them again 
to make the shell spinn!




Piranha Plant: <picture>

Piranha Plants are meat eating flowers that will bite you at first opportunity. 
They are mainly living inside pipes, but can also settle down in quicksand etc.



Fire Piranha Plant: <picture>

Those are relatives of the Piranha Plants with one advantage: They spit fireballs at Mario!


Hammer Brothers:

Hammer Brothers are an elite force of Koopas armed with...hammers!
Because of the weapons they carrry around with them, 
Hammer Brothers are among the more dangerous enemies Mario must face. 
They often appear in pairs and can be quite pesky unless Mario is armed with fireballs.


Boomerang Bro: <picture>

Boomerang Bros are relatives of the Hammer Bros 
that have mastered the art of throwing and catching boomerangs.
They are dangerous at distance, but hates jump attacks and pretty easy to hit with fireballs.



Firebros: <picture>
Fire Bros are another relatives of the Hammer Bros.
The high-speed fireballs they spit are dangerous and difficult to dodge, so watch out for them!


Nipper Plant: <picture>

The Nipper Plants is dangerous meat eating plants that often appear in groups. 
They are constantly hungry and will jump after you to get a bite! Some of them will even come after you!



Bob-omb:

The Bob-omb can act in many different ways: Sometimes they are just lurking around, 
and sometimes they fall from the sky. Some of them can even be shot out from cannons.

When you stomp them they will start a count down and explode, so watch out for them!






Blooper:

The Blooper is a jellyfish that has been cursed by Bowser. They will allways swin agains you, so you 
need to use your swimming skills wisely to get away from them!


Boo Diddly: (Ghost)

Be aware of the ghosts! They can fly through any walls and will bite you if you come too close to them.
When you look at them they will stop, but once you turn your back at them they will start chasing you! 


Thwomp:

Thwomps will typically be hanging in the roof in castles and fall down when mario comes close. 
They live inside big concrete blocks, so you cannot defeat them.


Boom Boom: (Boss 1)

These dim witted turtles were assigned to guard the ? Ball at the end of every fortress. 
They are a large turtle with a spiky shell. 
Despite being a turtle they are quite fast and jumps a great distance.


Cheep-Cheep:

Cheep-cheeps are fishies that often come in small groups. 
They are mostly just swimming around.
Some of them have learned to fly short distances, and are therefore quite dangerous!



