Levels:

The game levels are stored in external levelfiles with the extension .mlev

The levelfiles can be stored in any folder, the game will find them automatically.

One levelfile may contain a bounch of levels, a levelset. There are two modes of progress for a levelset:

	-Normal:
		In this level you are simply taken to the next level when you complete a level
		(like in super mario 1)

	-Map:
		The mapmode leaves much more freedom to the player. Now you can move around on a worldmap
		and therefore in many cases choose between different paths of gameplay.
		(like in super mario 3)
		The levels provided in super mario 68 k are all in map-mode.


Levelsets:
	-Levelsets are stored in a small file with the extension .MLST
	 Those files contains the filenames of the levelfiles used and some additional information
	 Like the name of the levelset, nr of worlds (files) etc.
	 They also hold the savegames and highscore for the current levelset.


 blah blah....

With the leveleditor you can make your own levels, worldmaps and levelsets!



The structure of the levelfiles:

-Levelfile struct
  this fiels contains a lot of info about the levelset, for instance relative pointers to the adress 
  where you find the separate levels

-Map struct:
  This field contains info about the map, or the world.

-Map:
  The map itself (array of char)

-Map triggers:
  Info about wrapper pipes etc. on the map

-Map objects:
  Monsters walking around on the map, boats etc.


Levelinfo struct:
  This field contains all the necessarry data about the spesific levels.

Level:
  The level itself
  (array of char,array of enemies, array of triggers etc...)

Levelinfo struct:
  This field contains all the necessarry data about the spesific levels.

Level:
  The level itself
  (array of char,array of enemies, array of triggers etc...)


and so on...






The backgrounds:

The backgrounds are shared, they can be used by several different levels, they are therefore saved in a 
separate file.

The structure of this file:

	-Backgroundfile-struct:
		-this field holds all neccesarry info about the bg file, such as relative pointers to the backgrounds


	-Backgroundinfo-struct:
		-This one contains info about the background itself, such as width, height etc.

	-The background:
		-the background tilemap is an array of char


