
This is Super Mario 68K, a grayscale mario game for your 68K calculator!
It includes 70 exiting levels in 8 different worlds. 

With 70 exiting levels through 8 worlds it provides many hours of game play. 

The game are highly animated and has smooth scrolling backgrounds. There are many different power-ups 
like the mushrom, fire flower, racoon suit, extra lives, and many, many more!

You will meet a lot of different enemies in this game, including the classic goombas, turtles, 
the hammer brothers, and even Bowser!



There is also an overworld map for each one of the 8 worlds (Similar to SM3) with features like mushrom houses, 
two different mini games, airships, boats, castles and much more.








The levels has a lot of animated and interactive features








Animated interactive levels

Beautiful scrolling backgrounds

-Grayscale graphics
-Animated Levels
-Scrolling background
-8 world maps and a LOT of levels!
-Powerups like mushroms, fire flower, star, 1 UP and racoon suit!
-A lot of secrets hidden throughout the worlds ;-)
-Warp zone
-Mushrom houses
-Two different minigames. Go there and win a prize!
-Save game (3 slots)

70 exiting levels
8 worlds

The game also supports external, custom-made levels. With this feature you will never get tired of the game ;-)
With the leveleditor you can make your own levels, worldmaps and even a brand new Mario game!







-----new attempt:

Super Mario 68K is a grayscale Super Mario game for your calc.

The game are highly animated with beautiful graphics and smooth scrolling backgrounds. 

There's a LOT of different kinds of monsters, ranging from the classic goombas and turtles, 
ghosts and hammer bros, and even Bowser! and many, many more.

3 different kinds of bosses are present.

There are many kind of powerup's to aid you in your quest, like the Mushrom, Fire Flower, Extra Lives, 
the Racoon Suit and many more. Did i mention that you can even fly in this game?

There is also an overworld map for each of the 8 worlds with features like mushrom houses, 
two different mini games, airships, boats, castles and much more!

There is a lot of secrets and hidden areas in the game, so there will always be new places to explore!
A warp zone is also included!

With 3 save slots you can save your progress, and continue from the same spot later.


With 70 exiting levels through 8 worlds it gives you many hours of game play. 
And with the upcoming level editor you can even make your own worlds and levels!

