The map:

Super Mario 68K features maps for the overworlds.
See Controls for how to move arond the map.
You move around the map using the arrow keys. 


Levels:

The levels are usually marked with numbers like this <Tiles>
In some cases you can also enter pyramids <Tile>, get dragged down in the Quicksand <Tiles> etc.
You can not pass a level on the map before you have completed it.

To enter a level, press the Jump key, that is:
2nd on TI-89
F1 on TI-92+
Hand on Voyage 200




Fortresses:

The Boom Booms have taken over all the fortresses <Tile> in the Mushrom Kingdom. On their way through the 
worlds they blocked several roads <Tile>. The roadblocks can only be removed with the "?-Ball" <Sprite>. 
Those magic balls are hidden by the Boom Boom's in the very deep chanbers in the fortresses, 
and they will guard them until the very end!




The Castles and Airships:

Each world has a castle. In most cases it will look like this: <Tile>
The castles has been captured by the Koopa Kiddos and the kings has been transformed to animals.

To get the king back to himself and free the current world you need to retrieve the magic wand. 
Unfortunately, the magic wand has been stolen by the koopa kiddos, who will guard it with their lives!

When you charge the koopa kiddo he will try to get away in his airship. 
They will move around trying to flee from you until you defeat them. 
When you defeat him and get the magic wand, 
the King will be transformed back, and the current world is free!


Bowser's Castle:

Bowser's castle in the dark underworld is your destination. This is where Bowser keeps the princess 
prisoned, so you need to get there to free her. But Bowser and his forces will do anything to stop you,
so it will be a hard task!



Pipes

There are several underground passages in the worlds that you can walk through to get to another place 
on the map. 
You can enter them through the pipes.
<Tile>



Mushrom houses

Mario has lots of friends all over the mushrom kingdom. They live in the mushrom houses.
If you visit them they will help you in your quest!






Game houses

You will find several game houses on your way. Go inside to play, 
and if you're good you'll win a prize!
(See Game house)




Card Game:

Sometimes the card game will pop up on the map. Go play, and win a lot of useful prizes!
(See Card Game)

Treasure ship:
If you're lucky a treasure ship will pass by while you play.

Hiddee Mushrom houses:
Sometimes extra mushrom houses will appear on the map.



Monsters

Some of Bowser's Troops are lurking around looking for Mario. 
They will charge you once they get a chance, so watch out!
They carry around with magic items, so if you beat them you get a prize.






Save Game:
The game also has the possibility to save your game. 
There are 3 saveslots available.
To save a game, go to the mid-game menu by pressing "Esc", and choose "Save game".
Your savegames will be saved in the file "sm68k.MLST" 
or in the file with the extension .MLST for any other levelset.
You can save your game from the map.






